Hi this is student F219244, I hope you have a good time going through this GUI.

First things first there is a Text box in the GUI that will guide you on how to make the best use of the app and all its functionalities.

When you click on the 'View All' button, the listbox will print all the books that the library owns.

When you click on the 'List of Books Checked Out' button, all the book that are currently on loan will arrive alongside the memeber id of the person that last took it.

When you click on the 'List of Available Books' button, all the books currently in the library will be shown on the List.

To Checkout a Book, you'll need to populate the entry boxes of Member ID and Book ID with valid numbers. The app would not receive any string that is not a number and if the member id is not between 1000 to 9999, an error will be shown in the Text box. To know the book available to Checkout, you can click on the 'List of Available Books' button to derive the Book ID and type any valid Member ID to successfully checkout the book.

To Return a Book, the you will need to populate the entry boxes of Member ID and Book ID with valid numbers. To know the right Member id and Book id to put, you can click on the 'List of Books Checked Out' button and derive those numbers from there.

To view the Book Recommendation that includes the graph, click on the 'Book Recommendation' for a pop up screen to appear where u called view the Library most popular books and genre and from that make a choice of which book to add.

However, I was not able to do the Book Reservation option and the Purchase book function with the provision of a budget. As well, if too much activities happens in the GUI my database locks. When that happens you should press the 'Close' button highlighted in red and try restarting the GUI again. After reuploading it then the 'Reset Library Database' will reset the database for normal use.

In the List Box as I ran out of time, the list layout is as follows:
Book ID|Classics|Title|Author|Purchase Price|Purchase Date
This is the layout when the 'View All' or 'List of Available Books'

The layout when the 'List of Books Checked Out' button is pressed is as follows:
Book ID|Classics|Title|Author|Purchase Price|Purchase Date|Member ID
